I didn't even hear the song, I can hear it,
I can hear it.
The music is cool.
I think you need to listen to the song.
I was interested in it.
I told a person about two meters.
I saw it.
I listened to the song from New Siberia.
Why did he listen to the song?
Maybe I didn't like it.
Maybe he moved.
There was a task that I decided not to make
it standart.
I went to the party, he went to the party.
What kind of performance did you give you?
How did you look at the exams?
I went to the party, traditionally.
I went to the hospital.
I wrote a physical mathematics.
I don't remember the time, but there were a lot
more.
Then I went to the Russian language.
I didn't remember the time.
It was very fast.
I didn't say I was in the high school, but
I came.
After we passed, we were all there.
All the cafes in the Czech Republic.
I entered the field of public education.
I was there, all the local people were there.
The representatives of the cafe were present.
They were sitting without a seat.
We were playing this game.
I liked the group of low temperatures.
This is a coffee cup.
What is the special feature of the cafe?
It's a hard day.
It's 8 pm.
It's 9 pm.
It's lunch time.
It's 1 .5 pm.
It's 5 pm.
It's 7 o 'clock.
Did you have a coffee cup?
No.
Yes,
I did.
I had a coffee cup.
Did you have a coffee cup?
Yes,
I had a coffee cup.
There are
physics, mathematics.
Everything is arranged.
Everything turns out to be the same.
The basic education.
I am very happy.
Even here in our university, I also say that we
need...
We need to discuss this.
Everything turns out to be the same.
Then we'll start collecting the idea.
Then we'll move away.
In the third course, I moved to a..." Physics
Physics".
I moved to a very high energy group.
I moved to a very low energy group.
Why did you leave?
Well, that's how it was done.
We studied, actually, here, and we studied for two and
a half years.
Most of us are in the woods.
After 5 -7 meters, we started to go to the
base one day.
In the woods, especially, what is it?
The main part of the mission is to come from
research institutes.
They can come to one to two times a week,
not more.
They read lectures, try seminars and so on.
This is the peculiarity of physics.
We have already started, after that, one day we went
to the physics problem.
There were some temperatures, and they were based there.
This was the institute of physics.
And then we started to go for two days.
The physics itself is long -term.
For example, at the time we were in Moscow, now
it's Moscow.
We went to Moscow, our institute, which was located in
the city.
We got an electric car, and one time we went
for two times a week.
We went for four times a week for five times
a week.
And only one day we went to the university, for
some special courses.
And what about the 6th floor?
You are already at the base of the institute, and
you are already preparing for the depot?
But it's not easy to get used to it.
We lived there, we slept there.
We got used to it.
That's why there was such a system.
I don't know if it could be changed there now,
but...
You go to a specialist in physics.
Yes, and the physics engineer.
And the physics engineer?
What do you mean the physics engineer?
Well,
it's different from what I don't know.
It's a bureaucratic system.
The physics engineer means that you have also a technical
one.
We don't just read the physics and mathematics.
We read the mathematics system.
We even had some research.
Everything was going well.
All the engineers were there.
Yes.
And then there was a special course.
There could be a purely technical one.
There could be a special course.
There could be a radio physics.
There could be experimental radio physics.
There were a lot of such engineering courses.
Then there was an old one.
That's why the first two and a half years it
was a cathartic work from 9 to 8.
I saw it for almost five days.
And it was a very tough English language.
It was a tough language.
It was the most important example for the first and
second time.
Why?
Because all of the students were in English.
Then we were not very interested in this class.
But the first example was that every day we went
to English every day.
And basically, I went to the corridor in
general.
I was not interested in English.
Interesting.
Yes.
That's the system.
Now you can say that you can say that.
You finish all the physics.
What were your plans for the next six years?
Well, there was something that I suggested to the Kuchata
Institute.
I have a position to do all the
research.
Let's tell you about the Kuchata Institute.
This is a famous institute in the field of physics.
It was a institute that created the Kuchata Institute itself.
There, I think, I worked on the main site for
about 10 ,000 people.
I worked there.
From them, probably, it was one or the third and
maybe it was more clean and clean.
And there were even 10 ,000 people in the field.
There was a red room.
There was a field there.
That is, it was very clean.
And the most important thing was that it was located
in the Kjabrytskya field called in Moscow.
In fact, it was located in Moscow itself.
A huge territory with the forest on the territory.
It's all in Moscow.
You see.
And there, when you go from your body to victory,
you walk through the forest, you get up there.
It's full.
Kuchata lived on this territory with one.
In any case, he had a house.
It was called a house with a snowman.
Now there are historical things.
Really?
Yes.
And immediately, when they started doing this a group of
atomic themes, they immediately went to a huge territory.
And they immediately took it away.
And then they left the Kuchata Institute.
And he was very much profiled.
So, let's say, I took a physical plasm, which was
not a direct contact with the reactor.
Then they gave it to everyone.
The first one of the first biophysical institutes was there.
Then there was even nothing to think about.
The genetics of our body.
When the girl was forbidden.
Kuchata protected them.
She took them to herself.
When she was taken to the university.
She took them to the university.
That's why it was such a thing in itself.
And it was a piece of cake in itself.
And when I left the Kazakhstan, I was alone for
the second time.
And I was like, where are you going?
Are you going to write?
Where are you going?
I was going to the university.
It was normal.
I was going to the university in 1995.
But actually,
I returned to the university in 1999.
That is, 20 years passed in Moscow.
Yes, 25 years.
25 years of our life.
And he said, you don't know your life.
How do you know?
I don't know.
You studied at the university for the university.
Yes.
What did you do?
She was like that in reality.
Then she went to the university.
She went to the university too.
You went to the university.
How do you know?
I go there.
I remember that person all the time.
I knew, and then I was told to go to
the university, and then I was asked to go to
the university.
You are even more successful at university.
I thought I would go there.
That's why, yes, I remember what kind of a university
you have studied in the university for 20 years, in
the university.
You got the education in the university in the course
of 20 years.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, I haven't changed.
I can't speak enough.
I can speak different languages.
Well,
I don't know, I'm a bad parents, but I work
for 11 pm.
I work for 11 pm.
I come to 9 -30 pm and then to
the very evening.
And I have a habit for myself.
Well,
I feel like I'm free.
Because when at one time we were going to work.
I was a biker.
I don't know what it is.
I know how I work.
And at the beginning of the day I didn't.
Well, of course, it was good to talk to me.
I came up with this on my card.
I came to 9 -15 pm.
Well, in the process of the protest, you know, it
happens.
And I worked until I got to know it.
Everything was with it, until 6 pm.
Well, your homework was to conduct an experiment and write
a new article.
Yes, yes.
Well, at that time we had a
more complicated publication.
But in the US, it was quite difficult.
Because there was a research that I conducted.
And I was doing more scientific research.
It was a research that I was interested in.
That is, we were trying to solve a lecture with
a lecture.
We were trying to solve a lecture with a lecture
with a lecture.
At that time, there were some temperature.
And so, this had a separate history.
In the early century, did you work with the Americans?
Yes, we were in those areas.
At the time, we considered a general task.
And the conferences were also domestic.
And there were Americans, European countries.
And there were foreigners coming.
Now what do you remember about that process?
And at the same time, I remember that the process
was serious.
When it happened in Chernobyl,
we didn't have any relationship with it, we didn't have
any relationship with it.
It happened in April 1986.
In April?
Yes.
Do you work here at Kuchat?
Yes, in 1986.
And at some point we came to the Olympic Games
in the center.
We came to the center.
Let's think about what we can do to make it
the best possible.
We can make it the best possible possible.
We started thinking about it, but some of them were
very active.
I was less active, but then they also brought me
here.
We started to develop, there was one problem.
There was such a problem that people would be able
to measure the number of people who were injured.
In fact, the number of people who were injured was
almost the same.
There was no such thing as a distance.
And we worked with physical strength, there were critical conditions
and circumstances.
So we learned a lot of things, including training,
ultraviolet, air -conditioning, etc.
All of this was a distance, because we had very
high temperatures, almost from the roof of the machine.
Therefore, we had some kind of technology, diagnostics, and air
-conditioning parameters.
And it really quickly came up with the idea that
we could create such a camera in the Russian language.
Well, there was an objective in the Russian language of
the Russian language.